the poems wines and the novels photos
planets that rain that moves
let it Rain
Y
oh bad luck bitch
yes
and if you have to go up you have to go up there
climb spider peak where there is someone here
there are bad here there are bad whether the
machine gun
and the shrapnel
did not delete members that members
members of whom I do not know I only have to
you think they're down below going
is bald so much was talked about the attack
help band help me told me hey but
hey but what I do not understand is because
look I have one hey because if it is
attack to vandals you kill no one is
supposed to be your band could not be
as well
the band
will play I will jump
and there are the airs of the
airs
they fly out
you have to climb you have to climb again you
I hope where you are we have to go together
I'm on the stairs where we went up
but it's that I'm surrounded by that I've
surrounded to help you because you do not tell me
I'm playing it, I'm Rambo, I'm Rambo
and I'm going to help you also have
bullets in the back this is what today
it's better to help me make jokes and
waves
it is here where the great as
that I do not remember how these routes
at the end of the gta you made us here
missing a transmission exceeded because
the thefts of an ambulance rightly so
they are growing no no no no the young no
I had a driver and I took it
causing traffic yes
as a good work if it's causing a
traffic and in fact the
firefighters to evict and everything but
they collided with me and took it badly and
they attacked
do you think you can take someone here
to the ocean lalalala what is
if he does not remove the ocean he is alive
take out your bets
I 'm wearing blue blue isbin
very aggressive aggressive there will be
following no longer posing for
photos you know
is recording team does not have the camera
off is sick of the head I think
you looked what do you think if you go for that
and I go for that
for that bed that I said the talks
who are facing your poverty and I for
that
can
But that
that is, you mean that towards the
left
forward forward forward
towards the front there are two
women a mother and a brunette and I
you're trying to encourage the water if you
I see pieces of idiots
I'm Sherlock and this is my lackey
the jester to get your cell phone up
he took out a cigar 15 he left the cigar this
I'm learning that he's learning it in front of
me until half smoked in the face is
how is she peeled
as an offense is challenging you what are you going
to do about it here I am
conquering the wing
is that it is so that they do not take
cigars in front double one is not that
it warms my pocket
that has been the strongest blow I 've ever
seen in my life eta indicates a 2
three balls in the air
you are flying I am we are
flying we want is already the view from
here houston I'm watching the
airplane controls you can you can
see me
the barrel
I'm seven
let's crash and go to
territory that we want to attack
what is this to that building to which it is
in front of just in front of you the month
banking and we will get
we have to crash like an attack
terrorist if from wow
it's too much for me although it's a
video game too much an attack
terrorist for me it's fine that
building is the one on the right or the one on
opposite not the tallest the tallest
have lucecitas true if the delgadito
is the thin one is already well prepare
for the landing houston is going to be
turbulent I repeat it will be turbulent all
we are in a nosedive this will be dangerous
yes
milk minimum
so that sexual ignacio
I'm god in the air I'm dead